---
title: A Study on Efficient Authentication Method for V2V Communication
date: 2018-09-21 00:15:39
description: ZHANG Ke, 2018-10-11
---

<!-- more -->

:tada:Presenter: ZHANG Ke

:tada:Time: 2018-10-11

---
# Abstract
> In the ever-changing Internet age, communications on the Internet are not limited to between human being. With the concept of the Internet of Things brought out, VANET, vehicular ad-hoc network, as a major branch of the Internet of Things is gradually emerging and has aroused the attention of scientific research institutions and automobile manufacturers. Information security hidden in the VANET are concerned by people. The IEEE 1609.2 standard provides a reference for the vehicle manufactures on information security design for VANET, but there are still some details in IEEE 1609.2 standard that can be optimized. Combining the driving characteristics of vehicles and the storage capacity of the on-board units, this article proposes an efficient authentication method for V2V communication. With the use of digital signatures and digital certificates, this method enables the on-board units, with limited computing, data reception and data transmission capabilities, perform fast and stable safety information transmission possessing integrity, tamper-proof modification and traceability. By utilizing NS-3 emulator to build an Ad Hoc Network, and importing OpenSSL to implement information security algorithm, the method proposed in this paper and the data broadcast method in IEEE1609.2 are simulated respectively. Simulation scenarios and aims include: transmission and reception duration when vehicles are stationary, and transmission and reception efficiency when vehicles are driving in VANET. According to experimental results, it is found that the efficient authentication method for V2V communication proposed in this paper can save more than 80% of the transmission time and increase the efficiency of data transmission by 45%, while with the same degree of information security, in contrast to IEEE 1609.2 information broadcasting method.

# Reference 




